I what busied one day, the body that dragging exhaustion sits silently on the balcony to syare blankly, come stealthily towards evening, late wind slowly had blown, left the cool trace of filar silk. But the balcony that also cannot bake sun broil hair is very hotly is wrapped cool. Dark, bird is less and less also, the damage that a string of bird left in the sky cries. The sun that worked one day also took off coverall, it is no longer in that way dazzling. The tender broadness that the sun that changes new clothes also changes is elegant, lovely. Tell the truth the sun can be met really choose color. The clothes that you see her wear is much more beautiful, red is blaze that one the most beautiful one color in the layer. Withered and yellow is squashy orange just was picked on the tree that orange is yellow. Foil in so beautiful color the cheek that issued arch to give a piece of peaceful. She seems to be being monitored by others same, stealthily move is moving pace, appear that kind is lightsome. Knowing at this moment is who is make a practical joke, in her that is high and scatter on luxuriant clothes went up prepared Chinese ink makes her dress becomes bit more full of stains or spots, ased if to throw one Jiao in wallow. Right now she is like a girl bashful and same, blush so that resemble squashy persimmon. Perhaps she feels embarrassed to used white gauze cloak to live then half face. Passed for ages, perhaps be she feels to be done so also of no help cowardly cowardly ground comes out to appear that kind is bashful. Then she thinks 36 plan -- go for the best thing to do, be smooth! Apparent its speed appears than a moment ago much faster, she is floating die of small blush Pang is in then later hilltop. The sky appears deserted. Again scan widely hopes horizon appeared again her form, hey! How be like two different people with foregoing the setting sun, move close to again look, it is the moon that Yin Guangshan shows so. Dark, appear soundless in that way all around. 